---
layout: post
title:  "Holidays"
date:   "2015-12-19"

categories: blog
excerpt:    I love winter!
song:       lePhdDolm_E
cover:      bk
---

Hey, I'm having a good time right now and so should you!

It's almost 2016 and I can't believe the amount of stuff I got accomplished this year! I'll write something about it so I don't forget it.

## The Art of Game Design

This game design book by Jesse Schell is amazing, I finished reading it a couple days ago and man, it's just so well written. If you're interested even just one bit on game design (or not), get this book no doubt.

The last part is really interesting because the whole book is kind of technical and explains everything in a really professional manner but the last couple pages are written in a really personal way, talking to you directly and explaining why designing games conveys a big responsibility.

## ImpactJS Tutorials

I've been using [ImpactJS](http://impactjs.com/) for my new game projects and at the same time, publishing all of the progress I make in a tutorial format so I don't forget how I did everything and so people can follow along too. The internet has taught me so much my whole life so I guess it's time I publish some material that can teach other people on the web to do stuff.

## Books?

I've started reading Scott Roger's "Level Up!", it's pretty good so far and much different to Schell's book (I think I've already talked about this on a previous post). I also started Scott McCloud's "Understanding Comics: The Invisible Art" and so far I've learned about the history of comics and how can people relate to letter and drawing abstractions. This'll be very useful when designing characters and storylines on future projects.

## Now Playing&#58;

So I really enjoyed playing through [Metal Gear Solid V](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Metal_Gear_Solid_V:_The_Phantom_Pain), I think it was a really good way of adding tons of new stuff to do while still having the classic vibe on it. I've been playing [Fallout 4](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Fallout_4) but I still can't grasp it, I guess I have to play it more to find out what's so good about it or maybe I'm not all that into post-apocalyptic games. What else? Umm... Oh yeah! [Shovel Knight](http://yachtclubgames.com/shovel-knight/) is an amazing game, the mechanics and the way it guides you through the process of teaching are really well incorporated and it actually gives you the "This is an old NES game" feeling. If you have any recommendations for games you think I should try, please tell me!

----------

## The site's status

Before continuing with the second part of the tutorial, I have to finish setting up some stuff such as syntax highlighting on the site and the about / games sections. I have to finish all of that first before actually continuing with the tutorials so they can look and feel professional.

## <span style="color:#ff0000;">H</span><span style="color:#ae2d02;">a</span><span style="color:#5e5a03;">p</span><span style="color:#0d8705;">p</span><span style="color:#864403;">y</span><span style="color:#ff0000;"> </span><span style="color:#ae2d02;">h</span><span style="color:#5e5a03;">o</span><span style="color:#0d8705;">l</span><span style="color:#864403;">i</span><span style="color:#ff0000;">d</span><span style="color:#ae2d02;">a</span><span style="color:#5e5a03;">y</span><span style="color:#0d8705;">s</span>

I'd like to wish everyone a happy holiday season, even if you don't celebrate them, be happy and be safe! I hope this year treated you, your family and friends well. Next year I hope to buy and read even more books and to release my first game (I have no idea how) on the app store / google play store, a new challenge for me! Thanks to all my friends who have helped me through the years, I love you guys to death. Cheers!

Merry christmas and happy new year everybody, stay safe and have a good time with your favorite humans.
