---
layout: post
title: "MissingNo."
date: "2017-04-23 14:48:12 -0700"
categories: blog

excerpt:    So I guess I'll start again?
song:       GEQxp2QiHnw
cover:      irl_bl
---

It's been a while since I last wrote something, I haven't been feeling the hacker vibe lately and It's kinda keeping me down. I've been trying to get it back though! So bear with me on a brand new episode of my blog!

### My inspiration is gone!
It's strange, but once again I feel like my progress stopped, or was somehow put in a very slow state. Is it school? The new lifestyle? My eating habits? I don't know how to keep the progress going. It's weird, I somehow can't tap into that unlimited source of crazy energy that seemed to surround me all the time.

I'll be back 1000% though. I have to. I've so much shit in the coming months that I can't afford being lazy, unmotivated or depressed. Right now I'm at a very good position of getting stuff done, so let's get all the things done! Many people are counting on me being great, so instead I'll blow their minds and I'll be _amazing_.

### Promoting my thoughts
I've been realizing lately though that some people read me and are inspired by reading this or get good ideas, so I need to keep doing these! I need to get back into whatever it was I was doing for the sake of helping. I'm doing it now! I'm writing on my journal again, updating the blog, keeping up with my personal trello and starting new projects.

Which projects? Gaming related mostly. Being a student again after quitting a very good job is weird. That feeling of having a nice job is not truly gone but it's kind of on hold. It's strange though, but I'm glad I took that decision. Nearsoft is excellent and thought me many of the things I know and for that I'm forever grateful! That's why I need to step up, I'll somehow return the favor.

### Share Knowledge, Seek a Good Life and Aim for the Moon
Those are the things I most remember of by peers back in México. I'm very excited that my friend Manuel Valle had the great idea of starting a new reading group with them. We're starting with [The Design of Everyday Things](https://www.amazon.com/Design-Everyday-Things-Revised-Expanded/dp/0465050654/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1492976267&sr=8-1&keywords=design+of+everyday+things), I've been wanting to read it for a long time, and finally I'll resume my reading habit again.

______________

### Birthday Boy 🎂
It's my birthday today and it's the first time far from home. Will it be the last? One in a very long list of many? Makes you wonder, when is the first or last thing of anything going to happen? Cool stuff though, makes you really think about your surroundings.

Anyways, I'd love to write more, but I'd be cheating if I wrote three months compressed into one post. Thanks for always being awesome. Be happy. So I leave you with this post's song, something positive and energetic. **A Rival Appears!** by **Sithu Aye**.
